R E A D M E
===========

ZeosDBO is a database middleware component for Borland development tools,
including Delphi, C++ Builder and Kylix.

The following compilers are supported: Delphi4+, CBuilder4+ and Kylix1+

Zeoslib supports direct connectivity to the following databases using the
vendor provided, native interface:

MySQL, PostgreSQL, Microsoft SQL Server, Sybase, InterBase, Firebird. 

Advantages of using ZeosDBO:
- Platform independance.  The ZeosLIB is highly generic.  Applications
  written in Zeos can be migrated across databases without compilation.
- Zeos is open source, written for usability and extensibility.
- Zeos leverages the amazing power of the Delphi development environemt
  without relying on a performance killing middleware.
- Zeos is an extremely thin abstraction layer, unlike 'thick' layered 
  protocols like OLE and ODBC.

Package contents:

1.  CORE - Core classes and interfaces. Contains Java style objects and
collections as well as compatibility types and functions.

2. PARSE - API for lexical and syntax analysis. Ported from Java API by
Steven Mestker from his book "Building Parsers with Java".

3. PARSESQL - SQL specific parsers and tokenizers.

4. PLAIN - Native plain API to supported SQL servers.

5. DBC - Port of Java Database Connectivity API (JDBC 2.0). DBC API acts
as intermediate layer plain API and highlevel TDataset or DBExpress API.

6. COMPONENT - Visual components descanded from TDataset.


Installed components:

1. ZConnection: This component encapsulates the database connection
Important properties:
- Protocol: You must set it to match the desired DBMS.
- AutoCommit: Everything is committed automatically if true otherwise
  commit must be issued explicitly.

2. ZReadOnlyQuery: The base query component to return data from the server.

3. ZQuery: This query additionally can write modifications back to the database.

4. ZUpdateSQL: Using an internal SQL parser, ZeosLib will attempt to construct
SQL insert statements to match your defined query.  For complex statements or
cases where custom behavior is required, ZUpdateSQL can be paired with the
ZQuery object utilize special insert statements.

5. ZSQLProcessor: This component can execute any SQL script.


The project home page can be found here:

  http://www.zeoslib.net


Thank you for using our software,
The Zeos Development Group